(Select \"Off\" to disable.)
-5 will be half as much time, +5 will be 6x as much time. Affects timed switches, torches, GTG statue 
0.25 Hearts
0.5 Hearts
1 Heart
16:10 (8:5)
2 Hearts
4 Hearts
8 Hearts
A Wallmaster follows Link everywhere, don't get caught!
A Wind Waker-style twinkling starfield over the night sky: a fixed bright constellation plus 
About
About Crowd Control
Accessibility
Activates MSAA (multi-sample anti-aliasing) from 2x up to 8x, to smooth the edges of 
Actor Shadows
Add a button to the combination
Additional Settings
Additional Traps
Adds 5 higher pitches for the Silver Rupee Jingle for the rooms with more than 5 Silver Rupees. 
Adds a prompt to equip newly-obtained Swords, Shields, and Tunics.
Adds back in a delay after unpausing before the game resumes playing again, 
Adjust the number of notes the Skull Kids play to start the first round.
Adjust the number of notes you need to play to end the first round.
Adjust the number of notes you need to play to end the second round.
Adjust the number of notes you need to play to end the third round.
Adjust the speed that the Skull Kids play the notes.
Adjusts rate Dampe drops flames during race.
Adjusts the Horizontal Culling Plane to account for Widescreen Resolutions.
Adjusts the time allowed for playback before failing.
Adult Minimum Weight: %d lbs.
Adult Starting Ammunition: %d arrows
Advance (Hold)
Advance 1
Advance 1 frame.
Advance frames while the button is held.
Advanced Graphics Options
After completing the mask trading sub-quest, press A and any direction on the mask 
Aim Boomerang in First-Person Mode
Aiming Reticle for Boomerang
Aiming Reticle for the Bow/Slingshot
Aiming with a Bow or Slingshot will display a reticle as with the Hookshot 
Aiming with the Boomerang will display a reticle as with the Hookshot.
All
All Dogs are Richard
All Fish are Hyrule Loaches
All Items
All Major Bosses move and act twice as fast.
All Regular Enemies and Mini-Bosses move and act twice as fast.
All dogs can be traded in and will count as Richard.
All fish will be caught instantly.
All##Skips
Allow Link to enter Jabu-Jabu without feeding him a fish.
Allow Link to put items away without having to wait around.
Allow Strength Equipment to be Toggled
Allow background inputs
Allow multi-windows
Allow the Bow and Magic Arrows to be equipped at the same time on different slots. 
Allow the Cursor to be on Any Slot
Allow unequipping Items
Allows Bombchus to explode out of bounds. Similar to GameCube and Wii VC.
Allows Child Link to use a Bow with Arrows.\n
Allows Ice Arrows to melt Red Ice. May require a room reload if toggled during gameplay.
Allows Light Arrows to activate Sun Switches. May require a room reload if toggled during gameplay.
Allows Link to bounce off walls when linear velocity is high enough, this is 
Allows Link to freely change age by playing the Song of Time.\n
Allows Link to unsheathe sword without slashing automatically.
Allows Strength to be toggled on and off by pressing A on the Strength Upgrade 
Allows Z-Targeting Gold Skulltulas.
Allows any item to be equipped, regardless of age.\n
Allows controller inputs to be picked up by the game even when the game window isn't 
Allows controller navigation of the port menu (Settings, Enhancements,...)\nCAUTION: 
Allows cycling between different arrow types (Normal, Fire, Ice, Light) while aiming the bow. 
Allows dogs to follow you anywhere you go, even if you leave the Market.
Allows equipment to be removed by toggling it on/off\n the equipment subscreen.
Allows equipping Shields, Tunics and Boots to C-Buttons/D-pad.
Allows exiting Hyrule Castle Market Town to Hyrule Field at night by speaking to the guard 
Allows graves to be pulled when child during the day.
Allows masks to be equipped normally from the pause menu as adult.
Allows multiple windows to be opened at once. Requires a reload to take effect.
Allows the Lon Lon Ranch Obstacle Course reward to be shared across time periods.
Allows the cursor on the pause menu to be over any slot. Sometimes required in Randomizer 
Allows unequipping items from C-Buttons/D-pad by hovering over an equipped 
Allows you to change the number of days it takes for 
Allows you to control a Bombchu after dropping it.\n
Allows you to have \"Link\" as a premade file name.
Allows you to use any item at any location
Allows you to walk through walls.
Also cast a pool from Link's fairy (Navi). Navi darts around quickly, so her pool moves a lot.
Always
Always Show Dungeon Entrances
Always Win Dampe Digging Game
Always Win Goron Pot
Always get the Heart Piece/Purple Rupee from the Spinning Goron Pot.
Always shows dungeon entrance icons on the Minimap.
Always win the Heart Piece/Purple Rupee on the first dig in Dampe's Grave Digging game. 
Always: Link must always play Zelda's Lullaby to open the waterfall entrance to Zora's Domain.\n
Ammo
Ammo Traps
Ammo counts in the pause menu will work correctly regardless of the position of items in the Inventory.
Amy's block pushing puzzle instantly solved.
Animated Link in Pause Menu
Animations
Answer Navi Prompt with L Button
Anti-aliasing (MSAA)
Any Ocarina
Any Ocarina + Master Sword
Are you sure you want to quit SoH?
Arrow Cycle
Ask to Equip New Items
Aspect Ratio
AspectRatioCustom
AspectSep
Assignable Shields, Tunics and Boots
Audio
Audio API
Audio API (Needs reload)
Audio Fixes
Authentic
Automatically sets scale factor to fit window. Only available in Pixel Perfect Mode.
Autosave
Background Opacity
Be sure to explore the Presets and Enhancements Menus for various Speedups and Quality of life changes!
Beta Quest
Beta Quest World: %d
Better Ammo Rendering in Pause Menu
Better Bombchu Shopping
Better Debug Warp Screen
Better Farore's Wind
Better Owl
Biggoron Forge Time: %d days
Block Pushing Speed +%d
Blue
Blue Fire Arrows
Blue Fire dropped from bottle can be bottled.
Bomb Timer Multiplier: %.2fx
Bomb Traps
Bombchu Bowling
Bombchu Count: %d bombchus
Bombchus Out of Bounds
Bombchus do not sell out when bought, and a 10 pack of Bombchus costs 99 rupees 
Bombchus will sometimes drop in place of Bombs.
Bonk Damage Multiplier
Bonking into Trees will have a chance to drop up to 3 Sticks. Must have obtained sticks previously.
Boomerang
Boot
Boot Sequence
Both Ages
Bottles
Bottom Left
Bottom Right
Bounce off Walls
Bow / Slingshot
Bow as Child/Slingshot as Adult
Brightness of the lit side. Higher = brighter highlights.
Brown
Buffers your inputs to be executed a specified amount of frames later.
Bugs don't Despawn
Bunny Hood Effect
Burn Traps
Button Combination:
Buttons that activate Speed Modifier 1.\n\n
Buttons to activate target switching.
Camera Fixes
Cancel
Casts a pool of light from each point light (torch, fairy, ...) onto the surrounding world 
Causes respawning enemies, like Stalchildren, to appear on land near bodies of water. 
Causes your Wallet to fill and empty faster when you gain or lose money.
Cel Shading
Change Age
Change aiming for the Boomerang from Third-Person to First-Person to see past Link's head.
Changes Heart Piece and Heart Container functionality.\n\n
Changes the Rupee in the Wallet icon to match the wallet size you currently have.
Changes the Theme of the Menu Widgets.
Changes the behavior of debug file select creation (creating a save file on slot 1 
Changes the menu display from overlay to windowed.
Changes the scaling of the ImGui menu elements.
Changes the speed of sections of text that normally are paced slower than the text surrounding it.
Check Tracker
Check Tracker Settings
Child Minimum Weight: %d lbs.
Child Starting Ammunition: %d seeds
Child Toggle
Chinese
Clear
Clear Config
Clear Cutscene Pointer
Clear Devices
Clears the cutscene pointer to a value safe for wrong warps.
Click to disable N64 mode
Climb Everything
Close Menu (Esc)
Clouds
Color Temple of Time's Medallions
Configure what happens when starting or resetting the game.\n\n
Connect to Crowd Control
Connecting...
Connecting...##Sail
Consistent Vanish
Containers Match Contents
Containers of Agony
Continue holding START button when unpausing to only advance a single frame and then re-pause.
Controller Bindings
Controls
Convenience
Core Audio
Correctly centers the Navi text prompt on the HUD's C-Up button.
Coverage
Crawl Speed %dx
Creates a new random seed value to be used when generating a randomizer
Critical
Crowd Control is a platform that allows viewers to interact 
Cuccos Needed By Anju: %d
Cuccos Stay Put Multiplier: %dx
Cuccos will stay in place longer after putting them down, by a multiple of the value of the slider.
Cull Glitch Useful Actors
Current FPS
Cursor Always Visible
Custom
Customize Behavior##Bowling
Customize Behavior##Fishing
Customize Behavior##Frogs
Customize Behavior##LostWoods
Customize Behavior##Shooting
Cutscenes
Cycles through colors on a timer\nOverwrites previously chosen color
Damage Multiplier
Dampe Appears All Night
Dampe Drop Rate
Dampe's Inferno
Dark Blue
Dark Gray
Dark Green
Dark Red
Death Traps
Debug
Debug Mode
Debug Save File Mode
Debug Warp Screen
Debug Warp Screen Translation
Default
Deku Nuts Explode Bombs
Deku Stick
Deku Sticks:
Delete File on Death
Depth of the Wind Waker size pulse — the pool's dominant flicker. The orb 
Despawn Timers
Desync Fixes
Dev Tools
DirectX
Disable 2D Pre-Rendered Scenes
Disable Black Bar Letterboxes
Disable Bomb Billboarding
Disable Crit Wiggle
Disable Fixed Camera
Disable Grotto Fixed Rotation
Disable HUD Heart Animations
Disable Haunted Wasteland Sandstorm
Disable Hot/Underwater Warning Text
Disable Idle Camera Re-Centering
Disable Jabu Wobble
Disable Kokiri Fade
Disable LOD
Disable Link Spinning With Goron Pot
Disable Link's Sword Trail
Disable Random Camera Wiggle at Low Health.
Disable Screen Flash for Finishing Blow
Disable Title Card
Disable the geometry wobble and camera distortion inside Jabu.
Disabled
Disabled: Paths vanish more the higher the resolution (Z-Fighting is based on resolution).\n
Disables 2D pre-rendered backgrounds. Enable this when using a mod that 
Disables Black Bar Letterboxes during cutscenes and Z-Targeting. NOTE: There may be minor visual 
Disables Grottos rotating with the Camera. To be used in conjuction with mods that want to 
Disables Heart Drops, but not Heart Placements, like from a Deku Scrub running off.\n
Disables Random Drops, except from the Goron Pot, Dampe, and Bosses.
Disables bombs always rotating to face the camera. To be used in conjunction with mods that want to 
Disables sandstorm effect in Haunted Wasteland.
Disables the Beating Animation of the Hearts on the HUD.
Disables the automatic re-centering of the camera when idle.
Disables the fixed camera in maps that use 2D pre-rendered backgrounds. Enable this when using a mod 
Disables the sword trail effect when swinging Link's sword. Useful when 
Disables the white screen flash on enemy kill.
Disables warning text when you don't have on the Goron/Zora Tunic 
Displays a \"Mystery Item\" model in place of any freestanding/GS/shop items that were shuffled, 
Displays a test notification.
Displays a tick in the top center of the screen to help with glitch line-ups in SoH, since traditional 
Displays an icon and plays a sound when Stone of Agony should be activated, for those without rumble.
Displays the Search menu as a sidebar entry in Settings instead of in the header.
Dogs Follow You Everywhere
Don't Require Input for Credits Sequence
Don't affect jump distance/velocity
Don't increase crawl speed when exiting glitch-useful crawlspaces.
Don't scale image to fill window.
Don't skip cutscenes that are associated with useful glitches. Currently, it is 
Double (2x)
Draw Distance
Draws a debug ray from each actor for every candidate light (coloured by the light, longer 
Draws the Wind Waker sky only on the left half of the screen, leaving the original sky 
Draws the actual 3D shadow volume translucently so you can see its shape: black top/bottom caps, 
Drift Speed
Drifting Wind Waker-style puffy clouds across the sky, plus the wispy cloud band around the 
Drops
Drops Don't Despawn
Drops from enemies, grass, etc. don't disappear after a set amount of time.
Dungeons
Dungeons (MQ)
Dungeons (Vanilla)
Dungeons Random
Dungeons Random (Seeded)
Duration (seconds):
Dying will delete your file.\n\n
Dynamic Wallet Icon
EXPERIMENTAL
Early Eyeball Frog
Easy Frame Advancing with Pause
Easy ISG
Easy QPA
Empty Bottles Faster
Enable 3D Dropped Items/Projectiles
Enable Actor Shadows
Enable Beta Quest
Enable Bombchu Drops
Enable Cel Shading
Enable Clouds
Enable Deku Stick Light Casting
Enable Light Casting
Enable Navi Light Casting
Enable Other Fairy Light Casting
Enable Passage of Time on File Select
Enable Stars
Enable Visual Guard Vision
Enable Vsync
Enable Wind Wisps
Enable advanced settings.
Enable##CrowdControl
Enable##Sail
Enables Debug Mode, allowing you to select maps with L + R + Z, noclip 
Enables Ivan the Fairy upon the next map change. Player 2 can control Ivan and press the C-Buttons to 
Enables Skulltula Debug, when moving the cursor in the menu above various 
Enables Windowed Fullscreen Mode.
Enables additional Trap variants.
Enables text to speech for in game dialog
Enables the registry editor.
Enables the separate Actor Viewer Window.
Enables the separate Additional Timers Window.
Enables the separate Audio Editor Window.
Enables the separate Bindings Window.
Enables the separate Check Tracker Settings Window.
Enables the separate Collision Viewer Window.
Enables the separate Console Window.
Enables the separate Cosmetics Editor Window.
Enables the separate Display List Viewer Window.
Enables the separate Entrance Tracker Settings Window.
Enables the separate Gameplay Stats Window.
Enables the separate Gfx Debugger Window.
Enables the separate Hook Debugger Window.
Enables the separate Input Viewer Settings Window.
Enables the separate Item Tracker Settings Window.
Enables the separate Message Viewer Window.
Enables the separate Mod Menu Window.
Enables the separate Randomizer Settings Window.
Enables the separate Save Editor Window.
Enables the separate Stats Window.
Enables the separate Time Splits Window.
Enables the separate Value Viewer Window.
Enemies
Enemies spawned by CrowdControl won't be considered for \"clear enemy 
Enemy Health Bars
Enemy Name Tags
English
Enhancements
Entrance Tracker
Entrance Tracker Settings
Epona Boost
Equip Items on Dpad
Equip Multiple Arrows at Once
Equip items and equipment on the D-pad. If used with \"D-pad on Pause Screen\", you must 
Equipment
Equipment Toggle
Error
Every fish in the Fishing Pond will always be a Hyrule Loach.\n\n
Exclude Actors that are useful for Glitches from the extended culling ranges. Some actors may still draw 
Exclude Glitch-Aiding Crawlspaces
Exclude Glitch-Aiding Cutscenes
Excluded Locations
Exit Market at Night
Explosions are now a static size, like in Majora's Mask and OoT3D. Makes Bombchu 
Explosives
Extend certain credits scenes so the music lines up properly with the visuals. (PAL only)
Extends how far a point light can remain an object's key light, as a 
F5 to save, F6 to change slots, F7 to load
Fall Damage Multiplier
Fanfare Volume: %d %%
Fast Chests
Fast Ocarina Playback
Faster + Longer Jump
Faster Farore's Wind
Faster Heavy Block Lift
Faster Pause Menu
Faster Run
Faster Rupee Accumulator
Faster Shadow Ship
File Select
Fireproof Deku Shield
Fish don't Despawn
Fish never Escape
Fish while Hovering
Fisherman asks if you want to quit at the door if you try to leave the Fishing Pond 
Fishing
Fix Anubis Fireballs
Fix Broken Giant's Knife Bug
Fix Bush Item Drops
Fix Camera Drift
Fix Camera Swing
Fix Credits Timing (PAL)
Fix Dampé Going Backwards
Fix Darunia Dancing too Fast
Fix Deku Nut Upgrade
Fix Dungeon Entrances
Fix Enemies not Spawning Near Water
Fix Falling from Vine Edges
Fix Gerudo Warrior's Clothing Colors
Fix Goron City Doors After Fire Temple
Fix Hand Holding Hammer
Fix Hanging Ledge Swing Rate
Fix Kokiri Forest Quest State
Fix L&R Pause Menu
Fix L&Z Page Switch in Pause Menu
Fix Link's Eyes Open while Sleeping
Fix Megaton Hammer Crouch Stab
Fix Missing Jingle after 5 Silver Rupees
Fix Navi Text HUD Position
Fix Out of Bounds Textures
Fix Poacher's Saw Softlock
Fix Raised Floor Switches
Fix Two-Handed Idle Animations
Fix Vanishing Paths
Fix Zora Hint Dialogue
Fix the Gravedigging Tour Glitch
Fixes Adult Link having a backwards Left hand when holding the Megaton Hammer.
Fixes Dampé going backwards in certain circumstances when the player is going backwards.
Fixes Darunia's dancing speed so he dances to the beat of Saria's Song, like in the Original Game.
Fixes Link's eyes being open in the opening cutscene when he is supposed to be sleeping.
Fixes a bug where the Gravedigging Tour Heart Piece disappears if the area reloads.
Fixes authentic out of bounds texture reads, instead loading textures with the correct size.
Fixes camera getting stuck on collision when standing still. Also fixes slight shift 
Fixes camera slightly drifting to the left when standing still due to a 
Fixes camera swing rate when the player falls off a ledge and the camera 
Fixes kokiri animation state to match their text state when getting 
Fixes one Zora's dialogue giving a hint about bringing Ruto's Letter to King Zora to properly occur 
Fixes the Broken Giant's Knife flag not being reset when Medigoron fixes it.
Fixes the bushes to drop items correctly rather than spawning undefined items.
Fixes the two raised floor switches, the one in Forest Temple Basement and the one at the top of Fire 
Flicker Speed
Font Scale: %.2fx
Foolish (16x)
Force aspect ratio:
Forces Goron City doors open if you somehow complete Fire Temple without talking to Goron Link 
Forces the rupee order to not be randomized as adult, making it the same as child.
Forest Temple
Frame Advance
Freeze Time
Freeze Traps
Freezes the time of day.
French
Frogs' Ocarina Game
Gameplay Fixes
General
General Settings
Generate Randomizer
Generates a random color value to use
German
Ghost Pepper
Gives you the glitched damage value of the quick put away glitch.
Glitch Aids
Glitch Line-up Tick
Glitch Restorations
Gold Skulltula Tokens
Gradient Brightness
Graphical Fixes
Graphical Restorations
Graphics
Graphics Options
Grave Hole Jumps
Gray
Greatly decreases cast time of Farore's Wind magic spell.
Green
Guarantee Bite
Habanero
Health
Heart Containers
Helps FW persist between ages, gives Child and Adult separate FW points, and can 
Hidden
Hide Background
Hide Vanilla Torch Glow
Hide the original game's actor shadows (Link's feet, the NPC/enemy circles, the horse shadow, 
Hides most of the UI when not needed.\n
Hides the original flat, billboarded, flickering glow circle the game draws over torches and 
Highlight Intensity
Highlight Lit Objects
Holding L makes you float into the air.
Holding down B skips text.
Hookshot
Hookshot Everything
Hookshot Reach Multiplier: %.2fx
Horizon
Horizon Height
Horizon Parallax
Host & Port
How dark the shadow side gets. 0% = no shadow (flat), 100% = full 
How dark the shadow's core is. 0 = invisible; higher = darker.
How far ABOVE the feet the shadow can climb onto rising ground. Raise this so the 
How far below the feet the shadow conforms to the ground. The shadow is a thin 
How fast the clouds drift across the sky on the wind. 1x is Wind Waker's 
How fast the stars pulse. 1x is Wind Waker's rate — about ten seconds per 
How fast the wisps fly. 1x is Wind Waker's own speed. The whole flight 
How large notifications are.
How long notifications are displayed for.
How long the key light takes to ease from one source to another. Higher 
How long the shadow may get. The key light is raised toward straight-overhead 
How many wisps ride the wind (their number also rises and falls with the 
How much of the sky the clouds fill — from a few scattered clouds up to 
How much the sky horizon sinks as the camera climbs. 0% = it follows the 
How often flames pick a new brightness for the Wind Waker flicker. Higher = 
How opaque the background of notifications is.
How opaque the clouds are.
Hurt Container Mode
Hyper Bosses
Hyper Enemies
I promise I have read the warning
I understand, enable save states
If enabled, signs near loading zones will tell you where they lead to.
ImGui Menu Scaling
Improve Flame Flicker
Include Held Inputs at the Start of Pause Buffer Input Window
Increase Actor Draw Distance: %dx
Increases the range in which Actors/Objects are drawn.
Indigo
Infinite...
Info
Ingame Text Spacing: %d
Input Viewer
Input Viewer Settings
Instant Age Change
Instant Boomerang Recall
Instant Fishing
Instant Putaway
Instant Win
Instant Win##Frogs
Instant Win##LostWoods
Instantly return the Boomerang to Link by pressing its item button while 
Integer scales the image. Only available in Pixel Perfect Mode.
Interface Language
Internal Resolution
Internal resolution: {} x {}
Interval between Rupee reduction in Rupee Dash Mode.
Introduces Options for unequipping Link's sword\n\n
Invisible Bunny Hood
Item Count Messages
Item Scale: %.2f
Item Tracker
Item Tracker Settings
Item-related Fixes
Items
Ivan the Fairy (Coop Mode)
Jabber Nut Colors Match Kind
Jalapeño
Japanese
Junk Items
Keese and Guay no longer target you and simply ignore you as if you were wearing the 
Keese/Guay don't Target You
King Zora Speed: %.2fx
Knockback Traps
Language
Languages
Large
Leever Spawn Rate: %d seconds
Length
Let Navi count as a candidate key light for cel shading. Navi blinks on/off and orbits Link, so 
Let shadows fall on a few \"floors\" that the game spawns as actors instead of room geometry — the 
Light Blue
Light Casting
Light Source Viewer
Lights
Linear
Link as Default File Name
Link will not spin when the Goron Pot starts to spin.
Link's Cow in Both Time Periods
Loaches always Appear
Loaches will always appear in the fishing pond instead of every four visits.
Lock
Log Level
Logs some resources as XML when they're loaded in binary format.
Lost Woods Ocarina Game
Magic
Magic Spells
Main Music Volume: %d %%
Make Anubis Fireballs do Fire damage when reflected back at them with the Mirror Shield.
Make Deku Nuts explode Bombs, similar to how they interact with Bombchus. 
Make crouch stabbing always do the same damage as a regular slash.
Make the Megaton Hammer's crouch stab able to destroy rocks without first swinging it normally.
Makes Dampe appear anytime during the night, not just his usual working hours.
Makes Gold Skulltulas come out of bean patches faster after bugs dig into center.
Makes L and R switch pages like on the GameCube. Z opens the Debug Menu instead.
Makes Link always kick the chest to open it, instead of doing the longer 
Makes a lit, held Deku stick a real light source at its burning tip (it isn't in vanilla). Like a 
Makes all equipment visible, regardless of age.
Makes every surface in the game climbable.
Makes every surface in the game hookshotable.
Makes every tunic have the effects of every other tunic.
Makes non-Navi fairies emit light (they don't in vanilla): the fairies that drift around places 
Makes the Hookshot Reticle use a different color when aiming at hookshotable collision.
Makes the L and R buttons in the pause menu the same color.
Makes the cursor always visible, even in full screen.
Manual seed entry
Map & Compass Colors Match Dungeon
Map Select Button Combination:
Mask Select in Inventory
Masks
Masks Equippable as Adult
Master Volume: %d %%
Match Refresh Rate
Matches interpolation value to the refresh rate of your display.
Matches the color of maps & compasses to the dungeon they belong to. 
Maxed
Maximum number of stars at full night (the visible count rises and falls 
Menu Background Opacity
Menu Controller Navigation
Menu Settings
Menu Theme
Merciless (64x)
Metal
Minimal UI
Mirrored World
Mirrors the world horizontally:\n\n
Misc
Misc Restorations
Misc.
Miscellaneous
Models & Textures
Modifies Damage taken after Bonking.
Modifies all fall damage:\n
Modifies all sources of damage not affected by other sliders:\n
Modifies damage taken after falling into a void:\n
Modify Note Timer: %dx
Mods
Money
Moon Jump on L
More Info in File Select
MoreResolutionSettings
Multiplier:
Multiplies your output resolution by the value inputted, as a more intensive but effective 
Mute Notification Sound
Mysterious Shuffled Items
N64 Mode
N64 Weird Frames
NPCs
Navi
Navi Timer Resets on Scene Change
Navi's Light Tint
Nayru's Love
Network
Never
Nighttime GS Always Spawn
Nighttime Skulltulas will spawn during both day and night.
Nintendo 3DS (5:3)
No Clip
No Clip Button Combination:
No Damage
No Heart Drops
No Random Drops
No ReDead/Gibdo Freeze
No Rupee Randomization
No Skulltula Freeze
No Vanish
None
None##Skips
Normal
Note Play Speed: %dx
Notification on Autosave
Null
Number of Starting Notes: %d notes
OHKO
OHKO (256x)
Ocarina
Ocarina of Time
Ocarina of Time + Master Sword
Octuple (8x)
Off
Once
Once a hook as been set, Fish will never let go while being reeled in.
Only change the texture of containers if you have the Stone of Agony.
Only in Rando
OoT Registry Editor
OoT Skulltula Debug
Opacity
Open App Files Folder
OpenGL
Opens the folder that contains the save and mods folders, etc.
Optimized Debug Warp Screen, with the added ability to chose entrances and time of day.
Options
Orange
Original (4:3)
Overall brightness of the sky gradient. Raise for a more vivid sky, lower 
Overall star brightness. Higher = brighter, more prominent stars.
Overlays a translucent faceted shell of each light's icosphere — the volume used for its cast 
Override the resolution scale slider and use the settings below, irrespective of window size.
Passive Infinite Sword Glitch\n
Pause Buffer Input Window: %d frames
Pause Menu
Pause Warp
Performance: actors farther than this from the camera get no shape shadow (each 
Permanent Heart Loss
Persistent Masks
Pieces of Heart
Pierre appears when an Ocarina is pulled out. Requires learning the Scarecrow's Song first.\n
Pins the pool's tumble and size pulse to the authentic Wind Waker rates. Turn off to reveal and 
Play Zelda's Lullaby to Open Sleeping Waterfall
Play unique fanfares when obtaining quest items (medallions/stones/songs). Note that these 
Point Light Range
Popout Actor Viewer
Popout Audio Editor Window
Popout Bindings Window
Popout Check Tracker Settings
Popout Collision Viewer
Popout Console
Popout Cosmetics Editor Window
Popout Display List Viewer
Popout Entrance Tracker Settings
Popout Gameplay Stats Window
Popout Gfx Debugger
Popout Hook Debugger
Popout Input Viewer Settings
Popout Item Tracker Settings
Popout Menu
Popout Message Viewer
Popout Mod Menu Window
Popout Plandomizer Window
Popout Save Editor
Popout Stats Window
Popout Time Splits Window
Popout Value Viewer
Position
Preserve the minimap visibility state when going between areas rather than default it to \"on\" 
Prevent Bombchus Forcing First-Person
Prevent Bombchus from forcing the camera into first-person mode when released.
Prevent Dropped Ocarina Inputs
Prevent dropping inputs when playing the Ocarina too quickly.
Prevent forced conversations with Navi and/or other NPCs.
Prevent notifications from playing a sound.
Prevent the Gerudo Warrior's clothes changing color when changing Link's tunic or 
Prevents ReDeads and Gibdos from being able to freeze you with their scream.
Prevents bugs from automatically despawning after a while when dropped.
Prevents fish from automatically despawning after a while when dropped.
Prevents immediately falling off climbable surfaces if climbing on the edges.
Prevents integer scaling factor from exceeding screen bounds.\n\n
Prevents the Deku Shield from burning on contact with fire.
Prevents the Forest Stage Deku Nut upgrade from becoming unobtainable 
Prevents the Poacher's Saw softlock from mashing through the text, or with Skip Text enabled.
Prevents the big Cucco from appearing in the Bombchu Bowling minigame.
Prevents the small Cucco from appearing in the Bombchu Bowling minigame.
Prevents this color from being changed
Pull Grave During the Day
Pulsate Boss Icon
PulseAudio
Pure Torture (128x)
Purple
Quadruple (4x)
Quest Item Fanfares
Quick Bongo Kill
Quick Boss Deaths
Quick Putaway
Quit
Quit Fishing at Door
Quit SoH
Rainbow
Raises or lowers the sky's horizon line — the gradient's haze boundary and 
Ramp Center
Ramp Softness
Rando-Relevant Navi Hints
Random
Random (Seeded)
Random Rupee Names
Randomizer
Re-Enables the two-handed idle animation, a seemingly finished animation that was disabled on accident 
Re-lights actors and objects with a single dominant light and a soft Wind Waker-style ramp. 
Rebottle Blue Fire
Red
Red Ganon Blood
Remember Minimap State Between Areas
Remember Save Location
Remote Bombchu
Remove Big Cucco
Remove Explosive Limit
Remove Power Crouch Stab
Remove Small Cucco
Remove Spin Attack Darkness
Remove the Darkness that appears when charging a Spin Attack.
Remove this button from the combination
Removes tearing, but clamps your max FPS to your displays refresh rate.
Removes the Dungeon Entrance icon on the top-left corner of the screen when no dungeon is present on the 
Removes the Input Requirement on Text boxes after defeating Ganon, allowing the Credits 
Removes the cap of 3 active explosives being deployed at once.
Removes the timer to play back the song.
Render Distance: %d
Renderer API (Needs reload)
Renders Gauntlets when using the Bow and Hookshot like in OoT3D.
Renders a health bar for Enemies when Z-Targeted.
Renders every cel-shaded object as flat white on the lit side and flat black in shadow (the 
Replace Navi's overworld quest hints with rando-related gameplay hints.
Replace Sky Texture
Replaces most 2D items and projectiles on the overworld with their equivalent 3D models.
Replaces the game's fast, jagged per-frame torch/flame flicker with a slow, organic Wind Waker 
Replaces the overworld sky with a Wind Waker-style one: a gradient sky dome, drifting puffy 
Replaces the sky texture with a smooth Wind Waker-style gradient, fading from a hazy horizon 
Replaces the vanilla actor shadows with a shape-based drop shadow for each actor (Link, NPCs, 
Reset
Reset All to Defaults
Reset Button Combination:
Resets all the Actor Shadows sliders below to their default values.
Resets all the Cel Shading sliders below to their default values.
Resets the Navi timer on scene change. If you have already talked to her, 
Resets this color to its default value
Resource logging
Respawn with Full Health instead of 3 hearts.
Restore Old Gold Skulltula Cutscene
Restore a bug from NTSC 1.0 that allows bypassing Bongo Bongo's intro cutscene to quickly kill him.
Restore a bug from NTSC 1.0 that allows casting the Fishing Rod while using the Hover Boots.
Restore a bug from NTSC 1.0 that allows putting away an item without an animation and performing 
Restore pre-release behavior where defeating a Gold Skulltula will play a cutscene showing it die.
Restore the original red blood from NTSC 1.0/1.1. Disable for Green blood.
Restores N64 Weird Frames allowing weirdshots and weirdslides to behave the same as N64.
Restores NTSC 1.0 behavior where Link jumps over grave holes and grabs the ledges.
Restores a bug from NTSC 1.0/1.1 that allows you to obtain the eyeball frog from King Zora 
Restores an unfinished feature to pulsate the boss room icon when you are in the boss room.
Restores the wider range of certain shutter doors from NTSC 1.0.\n
Reworked Targeting
Reworks targeting functionality\n
Ridiculous (32x)
Rotation Speed
Round One Notes: %d notes
Round Three Notes: %d notes
Round Two Notes: %d notes
Rupee Dash Interval %d seconds
Rupee Dash Mode
Rupees reduce over time, Link suffers damage when the count hits 0.
SDL
SDL Audio
Sail is a networking protocol designed to facilitate remote 
Save States
Save the game automatically on a 3 minute interval and when soft-resetting the game. The interval 
Saving
Scale Adult Equipment as Child
Scales all of the Adult Equipment, as well as moving some a bit, to fit on Child Link better. May 
Search In Sidebar
Search Input Autofocus
Search input box gets autofocus when visible. Does not affect using other widgets.
Searches all menus for the given text, including tooltips.
Seed
Seed Entry
Select the display language for the menu interface.
Selection of warp song in pause menu initiates a warp. Disables song playback.
Serrano
Set the Beta Quest world to explore. *WARNING*: Changing this will reset your game!\n
Sets the applied Texture Filtering.
Sets the aspect ratio to 4:3 and lowers resolution to 240p, the N64's native resolution.
Sets the audio API used by the game. Requires a relaunch to take effect.
Sets the opacity of the background of the port menu.
Sets the renderer API used by the game.
Settings
Shadow Intensity
Shadow Tag Mode
Shadows on Walkable Actors
Shield with Two-Handed Weapons
Ship Of Harkinian
Shock Traps
Shooting Gallery
Shops and Games Always Open
Shops and Minigames are open both day and night. Requires a scene reload to take effect.
Show Age-Dependent Equipment
Show Chains on Both Sides of Locked Doors
Show Gauntlets in First-Person
Show Light Spheres
Show Shadow Volume
Show a notification when the game is autosaved.
Shows what items you have collected in the File Select screen, like in N64 Randomizer.
Signs Hint Entrances
Simpler Boss Soul Models
Simulated Input Lag: %d frames
Size Flicker
Size:
Skip Boss Introductions
Skip Bottle Pickup Messages
Skip Child Stealth
Skip Consumable Item Pickup Messages
Skip Entrance Cutscenes
Skip Feeding Jabu-Jabu
Skip Forced Dialog
Skip Get Item Animations
Skip Intro
Skip Keep Confirmation
Skip Magic Arrow Equip Animation
Skip Misc Interactions
Skip One Point Cutscenes (Chests, Door Unlocks, etc.)
Skip Owl Interactions
Skip Pickup Messages for Bottle Swipes.
Skip Pickup Messages for new Consumable Items.
Skip Playing Scarecrow's Song
Skip Save Confirmation
Skip Song Cutscenes
Skip Story Cutscenes
Skip Text
Skip Tower Escape
Skip Water Take Breath Animation
Skip the \"Game Saved\" confirmation screen.
Skip the part where the Ocarina Playback is called when you play a song.
Skip the tower escape sequence between Ganondorf and Ganon.
Skips Link's taking breath animation after coming up from water. 
Skips the Frogs' Ocarina Game.
Skips the Lost Woods Ocarina Memory Game.
Skips the Shooting Gallery minigame.
Sky
Sky Gradient
Slab Depth
Slab Rise
Slow Text Speed: %dx
Small
Solve Amy's Puzzle
Sound Effects Volume: %d %%
Space between text characters (useful for HD font textures).
Spawn Bean Skulltula Faster
Spawn with Full Health
Spawned Enemies Ignored Ingame
Speak to Navi with L but enter First-Person Camera with C-Up.
Speed Modifier
Speed Traps
Speed of the Wind Waker two-axis tumble that animates the pool's faceted 
Speeds up animation of the pause menu, similar to Majora's Mask
Speeds up emptying animation when dumping out the contents of a bottle.
Speeds up lifting Silver Rocks and Obelisks.
Speeds up ship in Shadow Temple.
Split-Screen Compare
Spoiler File
Star Brightness
Star Count
Stars
Static Explosion Radius
Stops masks from automatically unequipping on certain situations:\n
Stops the game from freezing the player when picking up Gold Skulltula Tokens. Does not 
Sub Music Volume: %d %%
Sunlight Arrows
Super Tunic
Suppress Vanilla Shadows
Switch Timer Multiplier
Switches Link's age and reloads the area.
Sword Toggle Options
Syncs the in-game time with the real world time.
Target Switch Button Combination:
Targetable Gold Skulltula
Targetable Hookshot Reticle
Teleport Traps
Test Notification
Text
Text Speed: %dx
Text to Speech
Texture Filter (Needs reload)
The Kokiri are mystical beings that fade into view when approached. Enabling this will remove their 
The Pond Owner will not ask to confirm if you want to keep a smaller Fish.
The ammunition at the start of the Shooting Gallery minigame as Adult.
The ammunition at the start of the Shooting Gallery minigame as Child.
The amount of cuccos needed to receive bottle from Anju the Cucco Lady.
The crawlspace into Hyrule Castle goes straight to Zelda, skipping the guards.
The default response to Kaepora Gaebora is always that you understood what he said.
The log level determines which messages are printed to the console.
The minimum weight for the unique Fishing Reward as a child.
The minimum weight for the unique fishing reward as an adult.
The number of Bombchus available at the start of the Bombchu Bowling minigame.
The size of the item when it is picked up.
The skybox in the background of the File Select screen will go through the 
The time between groups of Leevers spawning.
These are NOT like emulator states. They do not save your game progress 
These enhancements are only useful in the Randomizer mode but do not affect the randomizer logic.
This allows you to advance through the game one frame at a time on command. 
This allows you to put up for shield with any two-handed weapon in hand except for Deku Sticks.
This setting is disabled because: \n
This will completely erase the controls config, including registered devices.\nContinue?
Three-Point
Tier 1 Traps:
Tier 2 Traps:
Tier 3 Traps:
Time Sync
Time Travel with Song of Time
Time of Day
Timeless Equipment
Tints Navi's light toward her current colour. Her light is normally white, but 
Toggle Check Tracker
Toggle Entrance Tracker
Toggle Fullscreen
Toggle Input Viewer
Toggle Item Tracker
Toggle Timers Window
Toggle modifier instead of holding
Toggle to change container textures to match their contents in randomizer games.\n
Toggles Fullscreen On/Off.
Toggles the Check Tracker.
Toggles the Entrance Tracker.
Toggles the Input Viewer.
Toggles the Item Tracker.
Top Left
Top Right
Trace
Transition Time
Translate Title Screen
Translate the Debug Warp Screen based on the game language.
Trap Options
Trees Drop Sticks
Tricks/Glitches
Turn on/off changes to the Bombchu Bowling behavior.
Turn on/off changes to the Fishing behavior.
Turn on/off changes to the Frogs' Ocarina Game behavior.
Turn on/off changes to the Lost Woods Ocarina Game behavior.
Turn on/off changes to the shooting gallery behavior.
Turns Bunny Hood Invisible while still maintaining its effects.
Turns off the Level of Detail setting, making models use their Higher-Poly variants at any distance.
Turns on OoT Beta Quest. *WARNING*: This will reset your game!
Turns the Static Image of Link in the Pause Menu's Equipment Subscreen 
Twinkle Speed
Typically, inputs that are held prior to the buffer window are not included in the buffer. This 
UI
Ultrawide (21:9)
Unbreakable
Unbreakable + Always on Fire
Unlimited Playback Time##Frogs
Unlimited Playback Time##LostWoods
Unrestricted Items
Unsheathe Sword Without Slashing
Use Custom Key Models
Use Custom graphics for Dungeon Keys, Big and Small, so that they can be easily told apart.
Use Navi as a Light Source
Use Sky
Use Wind Waker default movement
Vanilla
Vanilla (1x)
Viewport dimensions: {} x {}
Vine/Ladder Climb Speed +%d
Violet
Visual Stone of Agony
Void Damage Multiplier
Void Traps
WWLSepFairy
WWLSepNavi
Warn
Warp Point
Warp Points
Warping
Wearing the Bunny Hood grants a speed and jump boost like in Majora's Mask.\n
When Medallions are collected, the Medallion imprints around the Master Sword Pedestal in the Temple 
When a line is stable, guarantee bite. Otherwise use Default logic.
When loading a save, places Link at the last entrance he went through.\n
When obtaining Rupees, randomize what the Rupee is called in the textbox.
When shuffling boss souls, they'll appear as a simpler model instead of showing the boss' models.
When viewers spawn enemies, the enemy will have a name tag above them with the viewer's name.
When you lose 4 quarters of a heart you will permanently lose that Heart Container.\n\n
Where the dark-to-light transition sits. Higher = more of the surface 
Which corner of the screen notifications appear in.
Wide Door Ranges
Widescreen (16:9)
Widescreen Actor Culling
Width of the transition band. Low = a hard cel edge; high = a softer 
Wind Waker Style
Wind Waker's white wind streaks curling through the sky — occasionally pulling a full 
Wind Wisps
Windowed Fullscreen
Windows Audio Session API
Wisp Amount
Wisp Speed
With Shuffle Speak, jabber nut model & color will be generic.
X-Large
https://github.com/HarbourMasters/sail
增强功能
开发工具
简体中文
网络
设置
通用
随机化
风之杖风格
